        None as far as I can tell
        Very versatile
        uses the 3.5 inch floppy disk as storage device, affordable price, rugged design,onscreen battery meter
none as of yet
Very classy look and feel, tons of useful features, easy to navigate
        Cartridge change electronics / printer driver
        photo size restrictions
        very good quality of printing, shape allows you to sit it on a shelf
Face of phone small, a little hard to read
        Size, light weight, quality pictures, picture modes
        great picture quality
        lcd zoom quality poor, Proprietary memory
Quality sound, Easy to use, Nice features
        no support from sony
        Print quality, software, speed
Unusable Data and Voice Service via T-Mobile
        Long zoom, manual settings, size, versatility
        Car seat snaps right into stroller so baby stays undisturbed
        Takes up a large area on desktop
        Operating cost BAD...
        Rather fast, excellent service
Sliding Keypad Cover could break easy
        Noisy, Changing Cartridges a Hassle, Print speed somewhat slow
solid construction, good reception, decent battery life, lots of features for the $
        - Size, - Battery life, - Daytime pictures
        Battery life, digital zoom
Signal reception
        doesn't handle cardstock or thicker envelopes well
        Has a nice shape and fits almost anywhere
        Very short battery life, built-in flash is dangerously bright.
        Manual flash
Stated battery life is in dog hours, lame ringtones, ill advised outside buttons
        Easy to use combination of car seat and stroller; comfortable for baby.
Expensive phone and Expensive Accessories
        warranty not very long
Scratches easily, Web browser
        It is reliable
        &amp;quot;big kid&amp;quot; and newborn can ride together
        Cheap, simple to operate, decent flash
both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
everything
Two-Way Radio
two in one, small, sleek, sexy
        small, simple, cheap
Interesting design, radio, good volume, Color Screen
        Distant Images Poor, Battery wears down quickly, Small and Awkward to Hold 
        Battery hog, missing ac adapter and charger
size, cool factor, big screen, features
        fast and clear
Easy to use and hold, great new web features, long lasting battery, great sound quality
        Short power cord, takes up lots of desk space
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Stops abruptly.
Slightly confusing menus...
Size, weight, feel, dependability.
        Slow to download, no zoom or special features
        Photo quality is still not quite up to Epson standards
        Digital zoom can be a little fuzzy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Make sure your shots are steady.
        Lightweight, decent photos, fun to use, good software.
        If you want a telephoto lens or wide-angled lens, you have to spend additional bucks.
        none
        Clogs , consumes ink, lousy quality construction, frequent paper jams.
        GREAT DIGITAL 1ST CAMERA
        Compact, Lightweight, Easy to use, Good for use with little kids, No wasted film, Preview pictures and delete ones you don't like
        The folded lens compromises image quality, a little shy on features--see review
        No optical zoom
        Focus can be tricky, some preview modes are less than optimal, not 35mm yet
No speakerphone,
        heavy - hard to push, won't stay folded, canopies useless,, seat weight restriction 
One is better than none
        Light, small, battery, fast, IR, WinCE drivers...
        Slow writes, slow reads, slow boot-up, slow shut-down...JUST PLAIN SLOW
        A little slow getting started.
        excellent printer, excellent photos, excellent tech support
        batteries get used up fast, nothing else comes to mind.
painted case, price
        Paper feeds three or four sheets at a time. A cartridge a month, no joke.
Basically Everything.
        Cheap, small.
Battery life doesn't compare to my 8390, which would last well over a week.
        Great size and pictures, intuitive interface and software
Very Lightweight,Has Speakerphone and Vibration features.
Battery life, size, voice dialer
        None so far!
        Amazing image quality, Movies w/sound, Small - Easy to carry, Easy to use
        Holds a lot of paper, prints fast, high quality material; rarely jams.
short battery life, dropped calls frequently
        Looks, Functions, Battery
        Wonderful resolution-I produced a 52-page yearbook using all digital photos and they were great.
        None . 
        Small size, great pictures, semi-pro features.
Poor picture quality, Useless Ir Port, Data cable not avalible in USA yet.
        Size, xD, 10X optical zoom, 4 megpix gives high quality pics, ease of use
        excell. pictures, great night shots, low recycle time
        Very inexpensive
super low price, light weight,
        For undemanding home users only
        Software o bit clunky. Lack of complete paper users manual
        Good from newborn to toddler; high quality materials
Intuitive, fantastic ergonomics, strong email support, good speakerphone, good browser, easy to read display.
Quality construction, good shape and feel. Decent address book. Good speakerphone.
        pricey
        easy to use, small, great software
        easy to use - great picture quality
        NONE
        Printer Driver lacks options for Matte Paper and Print Preview
Sub-par sound, awkward menu layout
        Sharp pictures, great color, lots of options
        short battery life
        Heavy, big
        don't know when you will run out of ink!
Direct-Connect walkie-talkie functionality, built in speakerphone
        quality, features, price
absolutely nothing at all!
        Quality, Easy to use/maintain
        Picture quality
        Big pics crystal clear, kid can use it, very light, long battery life
        Low resolution
        too expensive, easily breakable, strap problems
Slightly pricey, I have found much pricier phones. Kind of bulky, low battery life.
Light, very thin, easy to use, stylish, long battery life, Great Reception
Too large for some and too small for others, somewhat obsolescent due to newer phones
No memory chip.
Not enough features
everything is easy to use and the funtions are great
        Doesn't warn you when you're about to run out of ink.
not as flashy as some others
        Low price, good quality, feature-loaded drivers, integral power supply.
alot
        can be slow to print, setup may take over an hour to install and register software
Buggy software and manual, no GPS or time/cost management capabilities
        Storage is limited by the current technology
        No page count, poor manual, cable could be longer, no USB.
        Too much of a reddish cast given to most indoor pictures.
        camera breaks, Agfa does nothing except tell lies
        severe and chronic paper feed problems
        RED color - battery life terrible and adaptor/recharger is extra
bulky, poor battery life, screen not visible in sunlight
        Inexpensive, Great black and white output
        doesn't play games like its big brothers
        Ease of use, Great, inexpensive storage media, EXCELLENT fit for serious amateur 
        Great price and features
        good quality, quick printing for IJ
        cheap,
        Borderless, durable ink, USB &amp; parallel, easy setup, on-screen ink monitor, decent photos
        not for novices
        Serial interface, strange battery
        Bulky, not free-standing when folded
        RAW format not supported in automatic modes.  No spotmeter.
        Inexpensive, sleek looking
        excellent camera, great size, GREAT pictures!
        Costly cartridges ($30 vs. $20 for Epson)
Built in camera, many other great features, style, and great reception.
Doesn't work. Screen flickers. Calls are randomly disconnected.
        Nothing
        Proprietary Memory Stick Media is EXPENSIVE, serial cable sux, 15 sec movie limit
Flimsy construction on the earpiece speaker
        Ease of use. IBM microdrive support Instant gratification Capable of good quality pictures 
        ease, convienence
        none at this time
solid light good looking
        great picture
The menus are a little bit annoying
        hard to change settings from e-mail to regular photos
        None come to mind.
        Works hard and does it's job perfectly.
Size, Bright Light, Add Ons
        fragile, stock memory card is not sufficient, short battery life
        Very Easy to Use.
        Great megapixels, easy to use and upload, smallest digital camera in the market
        A little Slow. Uses ink up fast
Screen not pretty, sometimes hangs mid-call
        Price, 640X480 mode good
Screen problems.  Don't get this phone.
        Ease of use, great pictures and looks hot
        Prints outstanding photos
advanced features, color
        Excellent print quality for an ink jet. fairly compact with a fold-up paper tray.
        Wish zoom control on top; on/off switch part of mode dial (like Canon EOS)
        &lt;b&gt;Loves&lt;/b&gt; to print text...I got it cheap...includes good software
cost a lot
Phone / PDA in 1 / sturdy / sound quality Nice
can't get wallpaper or tones, keypad, buttons stick or hard to push.
extremely poor design. too many flaws to list - stay away
?
        should have bought it sooner
        Compact and well-featured
        Large, bulky, crooked paper feed, flimsy output tray
somewhat flimsy cover, no PC connection
Great integration between phone & pda
        Jams tough to unjam, doesn't handle thick stock well, sometimes feeds paper at an angle
        none
Terrible sound quality.  Had problem with 1GB memory card.
Really cool features, voice dialing, better games, customize-able menus
AWFUL, AWFUL, AWFUL menu system.
        slow shutter, large pics a little fuzzy
Not many
        Good features vs. price
        a lot, see my comments
        The rechargeable batteries are expensive. (But you only need two!)
Weak reception, needs frequent recharging and rather boring.
        Low resolution; Casio is non-responsive.
        none so far
        Compact traveling size.
camera button on the side, arrangement of keypad
Faulty signal issues. Low earpiece volume. Annoying synch issues with Vibrate and Ring.
Size, Features, Sound Quality, Battery Life, Reception, Voice Dial, Menu
        miss not having a lcd viewfinder
integrated camera; solid speakerphone; 65,000-color internal display; Bluetooth; works with PC and Mac.
        Superior quality
Lightweight, lot's of cool features for a great price!
        cost
        View window, ease of use, clear pictures, 6x optical zoom
no sync cable/few accesories for phone
Flip comes off, dropped calls, bad reception
somewhat expensive, battery life isn't that long (talktime)
        NONE
        my item arrived damaged the first time
        Tempermental with AC adapter, picky about lighting conditions
2 MEGAPixel camera, excellent night shots
        basic model - no frills
Multiple technical  problems, unreliable
small and cheap
Aesthetics, Design
        Has lasted a few years
        Doesn't like envelopes and wish it had greater paper tray capacity.
        Good picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;large LCD display
        Maneuverability, can fit most infant carriers, easy assembly
Slim, good display, full featured to the max
Cool phone with laptop connectivity kit
Good
        Compact size. Excellent print quality.  Fast copying and printing except color.
        Great TIFF's,Hot Shoe,Optical Zoom,2.3M-pixels
        Fast, quality printing, scanning, and copying!
        Cost. Reliable. OS 10.2 and Linux support. Fantastic!
        Easy to use.  Easy to upload to Mac.
        Weak flash, some surprisingly unpredictable results, LCD-only viewfinder. 
        Unacceptably low battery life from standard AA batts, does not include AC Adapter.
        3.5 FD Storage, 10X Zoom, 2 hour Battery life
Inexpensive, good quality sound
        Low cost and operation cost with HP quality printing.
Looks, audio clarity, battery duration, handsfree/radio, suits my requirements.
Sturdy, Shortcut key is nice
        So far I haven't found any.
No flashy features, long address book
        Overexposed flash, sometimes arcane pushbuttons and menus.
        Excellent quality pictures,NiMh battery operation,USB interface. This is a must camera for vacations as you can take hundreds of pictures on a 64M CF card.Couldn't imagine doing this on a Sony which uses floppy disks. 
Ultraslim aluminum metal case, bright display, Bluetooth, loud speakerphone, internal antenna
        Close-up capability
        6x zoom, lightweight, compact, great software 
        Cumbersome to view pictures and download, high blurriness probability.
price and the look
        Sony Brand Name, small, light, memory stick, sharp pictures, easy photo review.
        Sturdy, easy to steer &amp; clean, trendy, light
        not as fast as you may want, poor text print
        Inexpensive Photo Quality
Not a great camera but who cares.
Slightly large, battery life short for a Nokia, headset, power button location
        Nice looking design, Super easy to use, easy to install
        Cartridges are expensive.
Very poor battery life, runs out during the course of my normal day
Buttons are very hard to push&#13;&#10;Hard to change casings
Tough, Great Quality, Great Features, Awesome!
Light Weight, Stylish, Alluminum paint finish
        Amazing features, photos, and convenience.
SLOW, INFERIOR SIGNAL RECEPTION, POOR COLOR DISPLAY, POOR ERGONOMICS, QUIET RING TONES, AND MUCH MORE.
        short life ink cartridges, leaks, false 'empty' messages, printhead fails [expen$ive]
        Quality of print, speed and dual print trays.
Smallish buttons, three-bar battery level display
        price
Size/weight, illuminated keypad and screen, internal antenna, features, apparent durability.
        usb connection needed
        Easy to break down
        Easy to use, takes great pictures. 
        The serial Link is slow. The packaged software is particular. 
        Color, fast, ease of use
        Very inexpensive, good pictures, fairly easy to use
Lots of features, lots of battery life
        expensive, large size can make in hard to move
        Easy to use, great pictures
        no zoom, no brace.....
        none
        has some problems with excel spreadsheets
LCD Displays Don't Function in Bright Light, Poor Speaker Phone, Data Port Cover
Gobs o' features can be a little overwhelming at first.
Glass LCD screen (but most Palms seem to have that)
A speaker phone for Alltel customers.  Other nice ideas.
        Affordable, good quality
        Noisy at start up and no USB port.
        none
        Expensive ink, , Pictures don't last long
        No U.S.B. cable; Flimsy front lens cover
        Efficient, Reliable, Attractive
Small size, super clear calls, clever flip design
        Can't think of one!
        Noisy and Power Hog.
        ink cartridges are so expensive you could practically buy a new printer
        Reasonable price, quick, quiet
        Good Multifunction, solid performer - when it works
        Red Eye
Great phone!! No Problems!! Nice features!
        does almost anything
        Menus are small.
good looking, light weight
Two-way, paging and cellular all in one.
Looks good!!!
        none
ringer, no blue tooth, internet
        Great Resolution
        No LCD display, no flash
        Contoured Design, Print Rate
        does not work with linux
vibrate, voice name dialing
Phone first, PDA second. Solid feel to phone. PDA is true to Palm
no E-911 support, so Verizon refuses to activate them now; no loadable ringtones
        extremely versatile, best print quality on portable printer market, small and lightweight
Small, nice solid flip, lots of features.
        everything
        Perfect images, Simple to use.
        Lack of Optical Zoom (it's a pricey feature)
Durability and call quality
Speakerphone, two-way radio, e-connections (text pages, web capable, etc).
        Cheap, good quality prints (for the price), fast
        Don't have any at this time!
        no sound on video capture... small memory card
        Easy to use, lots of photos, good quality, easy transfer to computers. 
The palm portion works great.
        Fast and clean.&amp;#9;
Walkie Talkie function is very handy
features, features, features, great support,software
        Product useless, warranty is a joke!
        Fast, four separate ink cartridges, nice copying features
Batteries, WAP/Net can be slow
        Great pictures, easy to use
Small size, clear reception, so easy to use-my technology impaired dad can operate it.
Sleek, lightweight, no need to bring a separate camera
        lag time
        No USB cable included
        Great Camera: very reliable and easy to use.  Works with all computers even macs.
Good camera
        Good quality, very easy, compact, fast file transfer.
very small easy to operate basic functions
        None yet
        I can't think of any, I guess it could be cheaper.
delicate, sometimes doesn't work with no reason
        Convenience, file size, battery life.
        no case or a/c adapters included, software a little basic
        Technology is still expensive, disks can be filled fast too, user needs a computer to get all the benefits 
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
        fit-shirt-pocket size, reasonable price, pop-up flash, all-aluminium body
        Lexmark X73 is a multi-function printer/scanner/color copier/fax machine
        paper jams
        price, prints, features
        High dpi (1200x1200)
        awkward to close, requires setting adjustments EVERY time you turn it on, eats batteries
        excellent print quality
        low resolution
        Scratched the gloss off the photo paper
        None so far.
        Epson does not fail with this printer.  It's a winner
        Well, it's cheap.
        none
        good picture quality
        good quality
WIFI buggy. Battery life is sub par. OS updates infrequently released. Camera flash weak.
        battery life is short, docking station should be part of the package
        Reliable, high-quality printing at a bargain.
Form, comfort, features
-Bugs in MP3 player
Crap battery life, small screen
        Inexpensive, high quality prints
Non-alphabetized address book
        Great starter camera. Easy to use plus advanced features.
Small, sleek, easy to use and voice-activated dialing.
        Saves to Convenient 3.5&amp;quot; Disk 
        storage medium, battery life, ease of use
None that come close to redeeming the cons
Voice quality is horrible, bulky, over sensitive buttons
        No optical viewfinder, weak flash
        Ease of Use, Crisp Pictures
        battery life is important
        Priced right for a beginner.
        Poor quality pictures, ugly, bulky, not enough features.
Radiation Levels, long menus, 100 Number Memory.
        A little heavier than I would want but not too heavy
breaking antenna, bad reception
Small; Nice bright screen; Reliable; Good reception
        cute, easy to use
        top quality European stroller, comfortable and plush, easy to control, 
        light, discreet, sleek design, has all basic features, easy to use, durable, decent zoom
EVERYTHING
        Small size, 2 megapixels, one button image transfer, Li-Ion rechargeable battery included.
        Awkward storage basket
        You control how simple or how complex you want the camera to be.
        batteries used up very fast, no optical zoom
        Not ONE!
        Can lose the lens cap!
        Simple &amp;amp; easy to use!
Bulky, no video camera, texting system
        Expensive, LCD not usable in sunlight
Extended Battery Time, Calculator, Calendar, Phone Memory, Small Size and Weight
        Small, lightweight, easy to use, and affordable.  
        Incredible ISO rating, easy, cheap, lcd panel
        none yet
        bad in low light and action shots
        Ease of use, regular diskettes, quality
        lightweight, assembly, back support
Needs an extended battery (see review)
Small, Light, Easy to use, Excellent Reception
        No built in Zoom, and only 1 mega-pixel
        It looks sleek,and offers multifunctions at a very good price.
        Does not last
No direct-connect headset port, dim outter display
        Great price, excellent performance
        There really are no cons to this printer
        View screen instant review. point and shoot, high resolution photos
You get what you pay for. Very poorly executed features
Bulky. &#13;&#10;Not many bells and whistles.
        heavy, cup holder doesn't stay on well
gets warm during use, terrible keys, no extra ringtones
        Optional AC adapter
        small, easy to carry
        Having a hard time downloading the pictures to the computer
        USB setup is difficult.  Very still cardstock may be a problem.
        SLOW
        Can't take long movies
        Excellent quality pictures, very easy to use and my first experience with digital photography.
        Good quality prints! 
        astonishing looks, compact and light weight
Features, display, tuner option, form vs function, EVERYTHING
        Take Anywhere Size with full features
        Great picture quality, easy to use and many features
        Individual Color Tanks, Size, Printer Price
        Small and Light
Good interface, is cute and has lots of features.
Good reception, battery life, screen, camera, features
        No included case, movie mode very limited in terms of time.
        Lots of paper jams
Flip style stops your ear from getting red, speakerphone, small size.
        Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build Quality; Compact; Extras
        Does a Great Job
        Low number of pictures available on high setting
Easy to use, great sound, free & a rebate
        Crisp text, fast ppm
        Four great features, great printing quality, 
        A bit heavy to carry around all day.
        Didn't come with a printer cable.
        soft focusing, LCD needed for everything
        Slow color printing, expensive toner.
        Color fax ability, scanner, copier
Small and portable, soft amber light is amazing.  Good battery life.
Lightweight, compact, aesthetically pleasing, text message and email capabilities, multiple numbers per person in phonebook
'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
        Sorry, didn't find any!
        Moveable display
        very noisy. average print quality. a bit slow. 
        Versatile, good quality color images, inexpensive
        Easy to use.  Great pictures for the price!
        hard to push and turn
        lightweight, inexpensive
- bad interface
        Compact size, excellent images, excellent macro focus
FM radio, nice backlit screen
service with Tracfone is very expensive
No external screen, limited ring tones with original phone
        Photo printing
        Shutter lag, picture quality (yellow tone), battery life
        Highly Detailed Prints
        Easy to use, great price, inexpensive storage media.
Feature rich with superb battery life, but weaknesses overshadow strengths significantly.
        none
        Great good quality printing, doesn't take up much space, hardly costs anything.
        Low Video Resolution, No Manual Features, Weak Battery
        Heavy, battery life.
        poor images
LOADED with features; No moving parts
Easy to change faceplates, easy to use
stylish, silver flip phone, camera, voice activated calling.
        Loud and sometimes slow
        Beautiful color and vivid detail
        prints, scans
Bigger than the StarTac Digital
        Great pictures, quick download to my PC (USB connector included) 
        Cheap, light weight and easy to use
No vibrate feature.
Excellent battery life.
        Image quality, design, ease of use, good auto and manual mode photos, build quality excellent.
        Highest Speed and Quality, Phenominal Prints, Exceptionally Low Cost
User Interface is terrible, features are not documented well
        Quality Canon lens, great pictures, quality build and feel.
        Great quality photos, amazing durability, compact, easy to understand, great image options. 
included wallpapers, included ringers
Size, clamshape design, very small, speakerphone
        None that I have found!
        bulky
        None so far for me
        Price, Low Warm Up Time, Support
        Expensive Cartridges with anti-refill chip.
        Stylish, maneuverable, lightweight.  Easy to store
        None yet...
        Performance, Ease of use, Memory storage
The talk time isnt the best, though I am a phone hog.
        Great features
        Great printer, scanner and fax
        decent printing speed, good quality (black and color), inexpensive
        clear printing, about average print time
        Slow, few features, low resolution
        it's a printer
TONS of featuresLightweight & smallGreat alternative to a "smart phone"
        Eats up batteries!, Not expandable. Kodak does not have any attachable lenses for this camera
        cartridge prices
No video, no call restrictions,
        the exet pray is not the best
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reception, Ringing Tone Volume, Battery Life
        Excellent print quality, Ease of use, Price is affordable
        Great zoom capacity, intuitive menu structure, high quality images, great value
        no preview screen, no flash, only 640x480
        Expensive cartridges-use refill ink
        Cheap, durable
        Great lens, 3.3mp resolution, 3x optical zoom, manual functions.
        No print density control: prints too light with some fonts.
        the size but not really a big deal.
        Compact size, 4 megapixel images, and A great feature set
green lid screen.
        Noise, prone to jams, feeds extra sheets
        quality and customer service
        none
        This Vivitar is the worst possible quality
        wimpy zoom
        A little steep in price(but worth it)
        Fast printing speed, good quality, durable
        User friendly, even my 6 year old can use it.
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
        Squeeeeeeky, and then some
        Wheels could be stronger
        Easy to manuever
        high price, print quality and speed
        A memory stick instead of a card.
        Jams/uses a lot of ink
        expensive hardware, expensive ink cartridges
        Incredible value, black text print quality.
Sleek, attractive phone. Very good performance.
        Expensive, but worth it if it's used a lot
        Smallish paper bin.
        Easy to Use;, Comes with cords and software
        Was very hard to set up. Still haven't gotten it done. 
        Red eye from flash, sometimes lose date &amp;amp; quality selection
small, good keys, can be dropped from at least three feet and not break
        A bit pricey, fax software is clunky.
        Small initial cost      Instant photos
        One sitting position
        Great for email, short videos &amp; conference calling
Not a Mega Pixel Camera, Internal Antenna can make holding it tricky...
Horrible sound quality, terrible speaker phone, really long power cycle times, pull out antenna
PLEASE SAVE YOURSELF AND DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!!
Small, cute
        red-eye,which could probably be reduced if I knew better how to take shots
Only one color, silver.  Battery life.
        Software is not compatible with Windows 98SE upgrade.
        Ink Cartridge Runs Out A Little Too Quickly
        Doesn't have the digital card I would have liked.
        Reasonably priced with good print quality on most things.
Small, and lightweight
Not good for organizing, not intuitive enough.
        Poor photo printing. Jams with envelopes. Ink dries slowly. 
None
Size, weight.
        High quality images, easy to use, point-and-shoot form factor
        the cover for the plug ins was hard to open
        Ink cost prohibitive
        Low battery life.  Gotta look at the instruction manual.
        A little loud, but worth it.
        Ultra-compact, very fast, durable, excellent photo quality
Uncomfortable for long conversations, temperamental functionality, awkward key sizes.
        Excellent color output, easy to use, solid color technology
antenna, uncomfortable on holster
Small, stylish, external caller ID, nice ringers, good battery life
size, features, quality
        Great color, great quality, great service
Features, Size
        Cost and quality
        Nice printing if you have time to wait.
        replacement cartridges are expensive, and it use a lot of ink
Little things, big problems
        Crisp dark black text, excellent photo output, very speedy, very small
        Manual mode, user-selectable ISO, movie mode &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        poor picture quality, poor instructions, no picture monitor
        Great pictures, intuitive interface, easy downloads.
        Flash sensor STUPIDLY placed too close to shutter finger, slow autofocus
        I have not found the cons yet.
        Noisy, sometimes color correction features do not work properly. 
        A reasonably accomplished attempt at building an all-in-one machine.
        Rugged and durable camera takes quality photos. Now a real bargain at $200 range.
        slow response
        Inexpensive, best quality for price, very compact, cool looks
        Slow, low resolution printing
Slightly heavy, larger than other phones. Low battery life.
Small (fits in pocket), stylish, color screen, great reception, a real conversation piece
        very easy to use
        cheap, good print quality, easy setup, also it works with windows xp
        None
Takes a while to learn, smallish screen, slow operation
        will not take motion pictures
        ease of use, fast B/W prints, small driver footprint
        Free (with rebates), fast*, seperate cartridges, can work with color only
too monstrous to carry as all-access cell phone
        slightly slow print time
        None worth mentioning
        clear images, not to loud
        Flatbed scanner, copy, fax, fast printing, Matches my Dell Computer
        Excellent for sending pictures of the family to other family members around the country.  And it enables you to do so in a matter of minutes, from the time you snap your picture to the time you email it out.
        There are smaller cameras now.  Flash slow to warm up
        Rugged, waterproof, droppable, easy to use
        Excellent image quality, perfectly portable.
        Ease of use
A bit flimsy
        Ink cartridges don't last long, frequent glitches in the print jobs
Size is just right.  Loaded with features that most people use.
        solid construction, battery life, image quality
        straps hard to adjust, have to remove both adult and child cupholders to fold
        Ink cartridges are small, may want to look at refilling.
Better than sending smoke signals.&#13;&#10;Battery has decent life, good sound quality.
        Very nice output. Quiet. Paper feed works well. Full-duplex.
        Price, picture quality, ease of use
not many for the money
        Price and maybe size
        3.5 floppy goes into any computer, delete bad pics, good 16x zoom
Battery life is short if you keep using camera feature
Few options, some things are hard to find. The manually is confusing and vague
expensive, interface
        Yikes is it noisy!
        Easy to operated. Comes ready with AC, black and color cartridges. Hidh res printer.
Ergonomically and aesthetically pleasing, more features than Ben & Jerry's flavors
        Inexpensive; quiet printing; good quality printing
        simple to use
        Inexpensive, durable, easy to use, quality resolution
good menu interface, durable, no static,&#13;&#10;can fit in pocket
        Very good camera with versatile lens attachments, built in flash system.
        Complicated menu
durable, robust, feature rich, gold standard.
        Short battery life (if you don't have the dock)
Number pad takes some getting used to, would be nice to have a standard ringtone.
        Truly compact, 3.2 MP, Excellent video capture, Solid construction
        Constant disc errors-lost photos, large clumsy camera, poorly positioned buttons, bad for active photographers
        No TV hookups! No Rechargeable Batteries included!
        no optical zoom
Sometimes weak reception, sound quality is decent but not fantastic
Poor reception due to internal antenna
Cannot personalize ringtones or wallpaper. No camera, internet, or stylish design.
        Easy, point and shoot. Great software for transferring from camera to PC via USB.
        Everything
        too long to load pictures, too long to print
Durable, changeable faceplates
Everything you need rolled up into one device
LIGHT STURDY SLEEK IN STYLE
        No Case. Lens is vulnerable to damage.
Sleek look. Clear, great uptime, no flaws as of yet
        Small paper tray, expensive ink cartridges, always a new &amp;amp; better model on the market
        Great color and resolution, good resolution on avi video.
        Solid casing. Sharp, clear images. Easy to use. Good documentation. No expensive proprietary components.  
        Easy to use, great picture quality
        Really bad scanner and awkward software
Durability, sound quality, speaker phone quality.
        No zoom, rough on batteries.
Battery gets hot on long calls.
WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
        Easy&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Decent quality
        A low end model, not for heavy graphics or photographs
        Great speed, quality, PRICE, and durability. HP has thought of every aspect of photo printing and put it into this printer that can even stand alone w/o a PC attachment!
-video is useless
        neat technology
        Extended use of LCD screen dramatically decreases battery life
Stylish, inexpensive, polyphonic ring tones, color screen, good reception,light and small, good features
        Print heads frequently fail and are not covered under warranty.
        none
        Easy to use, cheap, doesn't gobble ink, cartridges are easy to load, quality pictures
        Easy, great price, great features
VCast mostly a gimmick, calendar sync to Outlook is messy.
        good price, good quality, good color
        lightweight, does not take up a lot of room, inexpensive
not enough features
Web Browsing, easy texting and emailing.
It looks cool?
Lightweight, can use in 120 countries, voice activated.
        Expensive
        CompactFlash, USB, has flash, great outdoor image quality, good for web or beginner
This phone can fit anywhere, it has world coverage, and is simple to use.
        Inexpensive
        Making quality photos uses excessive ink.  
Flashy design, lots of options. Excellent reception.
        poor photo print quality
        Size, Connection reliability with XP, Ink Usage and Cost
A little large.
Great features
        No optical zoom; poor LCD; battery &amp;quot;hog&amp;quot;; barely 1 Megapixel; flash is insufficient indoors
        Small, sleek
Maybe a little TOO small for some, small screen
        Will not work with Windows XP
It has been discontinued and they are hard to come by.
        Great Name
        Nice Photos
reception, sound quality, ringer
        Connection to computer, stability, flash
Battery length
        low resolution produces fuzziness on larger photos
        Poor USB support, high ink cost, poor build quality
        Excellent feature set, easy to use.
        The LCD viewscreen is  a drain on batteries
Flip phone, scratches less, nice visual
        No flat bed capability
Just about everything. Function, reception, call consistency, battery life
Everything else. Do not buy this phone!
        comfortable and light weight
        Good resolution and print quality
        Compact; great photos.
        Light weight, beautiful design, excellent build quality, simple to use
        2x zoom insufficient at times
        None yet...
I'll let you know if I find one!!
Incredibly thin, great display, intuitive menu systems
Good battery and nice display
        quality pictures for the price
Small "phone" buttons, inside softkeys awkward
battery life, no address book synching
Small Size
MEDIOCRE TALK-TIME; VIDEO-RECORDING LENGTH; FLUCTUATING VOLUME; OPERATIONAL GLITCHES
        100% Photo Quality output. Text is also very impressive. 
        Photo Quality Prints, Duplex Printing, Clear Text Printing
        LCD screen scratches very easily, 0.8 megapixels
        Inexpensive ink, refill cartridges readily available.               
        easy to use, lots of features, pocket sized, quality pictures.
        Fast printing, great quality
        Great pictures, great optical zoom range, Outstanding software package
Very comfortable to use.
        mediocre color quality
        All around quality
Costs more than some would want to spend
        EVERYTHING
        perfect prints! Fast printing
        allows a child too big to sit in a stroller a chance to have a ride. 
        Average speed, low paper supply.
2MP camera with flash, mp3 player, & 3d java games.
might be too small for some.
pricey with or without a contract.  side button ignores calls if pressed by accident.
        A hair expensive, even if it has great bang for the buck
        Feature-packed, easy to use, nice software suite
Unreliable. Slow to navigate. Poor construction.
Good battery life
        Ease of use, print quality, additional software
Absence built-in vibrocall, high price
        top feeder
        none yet.
        Relatively inexpensive compared to other 3MP digital cameras
        speed, print quality
        great, reliable three-in-one machine, compact design
        Versatile, good improvements to quicktime movies
Sometimes signal could be better
        Very easy to use, inexpensive, sturdy.
Great options, built strong, pleasing look, good clarity.
        For n00biez to Digital Cameras, Expect to spend $$$ on accessories 
Small, flat, hard plastic buttons on the keypad. This phone is also expensive.
The price of $179!
        Very smooth ride
        LARGER IN SIZE THAN MOST
Slippery, (easy to drop), menus are slow.  Feels somewhat flimsy.
        Poor instructions.  Settings hard to understand.
        Relatively high price, considering I paid more for this camera than most of my computers, but WORTH IT!
        Nice price, easy to use, decent pictures, battery life
Battery life is atrocious, seems like a very "breakable" phone.
        none
        Was recommended highly by many people., Printed well in black and white and in color.
Can't ring & vibrate on same settings, takes many keystrokes to operate menu.
        nice photos, software works well
occasional problems with battery
        Worthy replacement to the 950 and 990.
        slow shutter.
        Ink cartridges can be a little hard to come by, but you can order them direct from Lexmark online.
        You can buy a better scanner for 60USD, Slow compared to a real office photocopier
        Fast, good quality full page photo printing, reads memory cards.
        As loud as my paper shredder, Dimmed the lights in my room, Slow to print
Light, durable, and cute in a silly way.
        no USB port (only serial) for downloads
        none
        Good colour, lowest price megapixel camera
Ringer volume can only be adjusted by going into the menu; can't re-label phone numbers
Radio, stylish professional looking, good reception, blue backlight, small and light
        Fast transfer to pc with USB included.
        No memory upgrade or color LCD display.
        Amazing features for the price and size, good warrantee repair service from Fuji
Small, lightweight
Voice dialing/command interface
        Large dimensions, design
        USB somewhat unreliable
Battery, Ergonomics
        cheap
        None.  A very good value!
        Weird Symbols Appear when the Ink Runs Low
        Great Picture Quality
        No zoom lens
No Vibrate Only Mode, Poor reception
Lots functions, nice price, nice look, nice size...  you get the point.
        small, lightweight, solid, fast, and versatile
        bulky, to short of battery life, confusing sometimes, bad spot for wide angle/zoom control
        Separate Ink Carts - Fast - Easy to Use
        Guzzles ink
        interface seems a little buggy
small buttons, no belt clip
        Inexpensive, good quality text, easy to use
        small size, good software included for free with the unit
Long battery life, size.
        Poor storage, expensive
No analog receiver, basic phone.
Nice looking, bells and whistles.
        None
Short battery life, flimsy antenna, prone to random malfunctions
no web browser, not ring tone compatible, and not many features.
A little bulky. Screen graphics geared to toward the "youth" market.
        Small, lightweight camera, big on features and performance.
        none
        Zoom is not enough
Can't turn off LEDs; Some factors can cause echoing.
        ink is expensive, sometimes screws up pages
        device is repeatedly "unavailable" when you need it
        Great pictures
Phone book, small size
        auto-focusing is "soft", weak flash, lens visible in viewfinder
        ziess lens, B&amp;W mode, mpeg mode, style
        great versatility 
        3.34 megapixels, great lens, many modes, caters to amateurs and pros, crisp LCD screen
        Can't be ran through a scanner
Thin,light,great features
Inexpensive, feature-packed phone. Excellent battery life. Light-weight.
Small, sleek and effective.  Great battery life.
        Buckle difficult to release; basket hard to access when stroller seat is reclined
        Instant access to pictures, ease of use, editing on computer
        Olympus lens,light weight,small size, great pictures, lots of features.
Attractive/sleek
        Image Quality, Size, Memory Capability, Look &amp; Feel
        Can't find cartridges.  Have to use high quality paper for a good picture.
        Mediocre graphics quality, a bit noisy
        Battery life [but see review].
side buttons, shiny phone surface loves smears, video records nothing
        No USB cable included?  C'mon!
A bit large to carry
        as large as any 35 mm single-lens reflex camera but lighter weight
Different choice of covers
        cheap, reliable, easy to use
        none
        Features, price, relative ease of use.  
charging problems, memory problems (lost phone #s)-frequently loses power, fragile
Profiles, big address book, reliable
operating system is not intuitive, quiet ringer, WEIRD keypad
Large size, screen plastic weak.
None
        Buying accessories ...
        Ink smears,  small ink cartridges, takes up more desk space.
        the basket in the bottom of the stroller will tear if packed to much
Color screen, long charge on battery, under-the-cover antenna.
Speakerphone
        fast printing, good print quality, good price, 
        Unstable firmware, parks in tele mode
        it just as good any others out there
        Good. Light, affordable, just like the C80.
        Lack of durability of case finish
        nothing
        Everything
        Easy to use. Great range of settings for the flash, the resolution and the focal length. The camera itself looks pretty darn cool too.
        cartridge costs should come down
        loses user settings when powered off.
Hard to hear out of.
        Size. Weight. Shooting speed.
        See description below
Menu Joystick is difficult to manipulate, Buttons are too small.  Camera accessory is horrible.
Small size, good looks, voice dialing, good clarity and volume, decent battery life.
        slow; installation breaks; expensive ink
Trendy, Great Sound, Customizable, Great Camera Quality
face plates for this model are hard to find.
        Good starter camera, memory expansion, quality pictures, pricing, trusted name.
        great quality, ink lasts long good price
Small, not bulky, light-weight, slim design, phone holster is easy to use, timers helpful
sleek and lightweight, good ring volume
        Set up instructions
Not always recognizing voice command
        Great pix;Quality bundle;A kid could use it
        Great quality photos, very fast!,easy hookup.
        off center printing on some things
        Sturdy, roomy, easy to use.
        battery life, cost, included cables and AC Adapter, RCA video-out signal
        auto white balance is easily confused
        A breeze to set up.  I followed the directions exactly and no problems at all.
        Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry around, good picture quality
Clarity - Size - Battery Life
On the power cord, calls drop!
        Cheap feel, terrible print trays.
        good cover, reclines all the way down, nice leg extension
        Not photo quality
Easy To use , and Elegant black
        excellent photos, feature rich, heavy.
        For the size and price?  None.
        Not for Photo Quality, Not lightening fast
        fairly quiet, good quality text, decent quality pictures
Cool Games, Decent Rigtones, Color Screen
Price, Price and Price, battery life.
Ringers, Not all buttons are shielded by flip case.
Good camera with you at all times, great features
        NOISY paper loading; photos are dull, flat
        small footprint, saves space, relatively inexpensive.
signal not always clear when I call people in mountain areas
        Learning curve is pretty steep.   It eats batteries for breakfast.
        Excellent black and white printouts. NO smudge. Sharp graphics. Long lasting toner.
        a little heavy &amp;amp; need 2 hands to steer
        Great value...Packed with features...Easy to use...Large lcd screen...Sharp pictures
        Quality of Pictures, and the Company's lack of service to this customer
        good color, quiet, print preview
Heavy, bulky, sound quality, no color graphics to liven the phone up a little.
        Excellent quality pictures
small, thats about it though
        Portable, durable, all metal case, good feature set
        3 colors are in one cartridge - must replace all to replace one.
        Easy to use, high image capacity
Few software problems.
        Depletes batteries quickly.
        Undependable, slow, flimsy, inconsistently supported, supplies expensive and inconsistent in quality, supplies hard to find, not appropriate for daily use, certainly not appropriate for professional use.
        Slow photo printing.
Powering Off!!!, Battery Life
Solid construction. A lot of features(most I never use)
Easy to use feature loaded.
Small buttons and small LCD that is hard to read at times.
        Quality for the price, ease of use
Uninspiring design, rather short navigation nub, 256 colors isn't enough
        Light weight, quality, knobby wheels, comfortable and easy to use
        Comes with only a 4 MB Memory Stick, No viewfinder (only a 2&amp;quot; LCD screen) 
        Fast, Quality, Price
        easy to use, not too expensive
        Pros
The side keys are a bit too sensitive and it is a bit bulky.
Great technical specifications.
        Worst print quality I've seen since my dot-matrix printer, circa 1987.
        Very sexy package, great sharp text
        Holds up well to lots of kids
        tons of them
Design, build quality, battery life, sound quality
        resolution, speed, technology
none
Poor Phonebook design, low sounding through ear bud.
Battery Life, Durable
        Noise, paper support
inexpensive, lightweight, small and fairly convient
SprintPCS Only, Bulky, Slow contact lookup, Clumsy side switch; quiet ringer
Everything, breaks often!
        Difficult to setup, short battery life, unreliable in electronic hardware
        Great Pictures. Ease of use. Great built in bonus features (passport size photos etc..)
        Smooth ride, Comfortable for  baby,lightweight
        Ink smears and ink blots
        easy to change ink, prints clear, fast (after it's warmed up)
Features, sound quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, battery life
Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
        Digital, regular 3.5" floppy disks, easy to use
        None. For this price range you can't get anything better.
It is somewhat big and klunky.
        Hard to find
        Easy to transport, good overall quality
        Great SLR like performance and quality without all that film
none that i can think of
        The photograph is manipulated mainly after the picture is taken, and not during.
Small, slick looking, great screen indoors
        Size, digital viewfinder, Only comes with a 16MB memory stick.
        Picture Quality
        Really Great Looking Pictures. Good Price. 
built in camera, external color display, cool factor.
        Slow printing, one feed roller operation. Vertical envelope feed only.
        Battery EATER, USB problems, no ac adapter, Manual on CD
        Inordinate long period of time for the camera to save a picture.
        poor closeups, loose lens cap
Works in Europe as well
        Loud, small black ink cartridge, no Centronics (parallel) connection.
        Fast, Many settings and options, picture quality and clarity.
        light, quiet, quality photo printing,  this one more like a Honda than a Jeep
        Flimsy, uncomfortable, small basket, wheels lock up
        User-friendly, easy transition between functions, super color copies
Size, style, headset
Small, light, long battery life, good menu system
Brilliant color screen, small profile, highly visible backlit keys.
        Outstanding image quality, ease of use in auto mode, extensive selectivity in manual mode, uncompressed TIFF mode, three useful compressed JPEG modes, wide shutter speed range, rapid recovery allows multiple shots in a short period of time, good ergonomics
expensive, and short battery life
small size, large lcd, and fits in any pocket.
        THE CARTRIDGE FOR IT COST AROUND 27 TO 45 DALLARS, SEEM LIKE A LOT.
        Very small compact design, fast shutter response time, great quality photos.
        Software glitches, photos grainy.
        comes with color cartridge only, unreliable, poor tech support 
        Runs through ink cartridges quickly.
It's old.
         no through the lens viewing at eye piece
Wide range of accessories, text messaging, and custom ringtones.
        Space saving printer with crisp, clear quality
        Text clarity, speed, affordability, size
Very small when closed.  The phonebook is a little clumsy.  T9 text entry is painful.
        Light, Small, Inexpensive
Bluetooth, speakerphone
        Somewhat expensive for 2 megapixels, only 8MB memory included and no rechargeable batteries.
        A little slow, occasional software problems and hard to figure out.
        Very simple to use, software is pretty self explanatory.
        Good, solid basic inkjet printer
        drains batteries quickly, limited alternate power supplies
free
        LCD Screen power consumption
        Dark View Finder, Shutter Lag between Pictures, Limited Storage on Stock Card
        Easy to use, fabulous picture quality, lots of features
        Easy to use,has expandable memory, good software
        dont need to turn on your PC for common tasks. excellent photo quality output
        none found
Poor quality, mediocre reception, lack of accessories
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
small, batt. life., gizmos......
        Can turn on in your pocket, weak flash
        Inaccurate viewfinder, "dark" photos, image distortion/vignetting at wide angle, silly panorama mode, unreliable card
slightly oversized for its price,
Too small, keyboard too small, buttons too small, phone doesn't reach mouth and ear.
        Perfect pictures, easy to use
        Software sucks
        image quality bad during low as well as too much light
        Too much money
less-than-perfect reception, larger size/weight than many phones
        Subject must be absolutely still.  No flash.
        Small, lightweight, digital
        6 cartridges, high quality color printing, 
Direct Connect, very durable, battery life
Color screen, features(does nearly everything), durability.
        Six Color Ink, New Sleek Design,  Borderless printing.  Works with OSX.
        Decent picture quality
        Reliable, compact, inexpensive
        Expensive consumables (total up to around $175/year).
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Battery life isn't as advertised
Lightweight, features, looks
        Extremely sharp pictures, Zeiss lens, USB support, good size, huge storage capacity, advanced exposure modes, excellent menu system, good user control, pretty good software,  
        Low price; fast print speeds; excellent text print quality.
        none
        Slow, ungreat print quality, &lt;b&gt;printer cable not included&lt;/b&gt;.
        none
        Paper feed, noise, printer driver
Decent reception and battery life. Durable.
        digital zoom is worthless (surprise!)
        Problems are soon to come.
Sleek, Small, Color, Light, Polyphonic Rings, Games
        Weight, hand grip could be rubberized
Small, Great battery life, Clear reception, Easy 1-touch dialing, Outside Caller ID display
        Easy to use, good resolution, large memory
        Great quality for the money
dim back-light
No speakerphone (not too many flips have it), illogical icon menus, poor manual.
        Hello Hewlett Packard
Glass LCD screen (but most Palms seem to have that)
        Numerous settings can be confusing to the casual user.
        They use UPS for shipping.
        Paper Jam, high defective rate
        Poor resolution, only stores 15 photos, EATS BATTERIES
        Ink saving features are a great addition; FABULOUS Customer Service; Very Competitive Prices!
Reasonably priced, great quality and sound.
        it's more than a bubblejet, but wait till you see the quality!
        Good digital camera for the price paid.
Picks up background noise, locks up, reception in fringe areas (with original firmware)
        slow speed, paper jams
size, not a lot of "latest" features
Versatile and reliable communication with good audio
        Lens slow. Body chintzy. Display not jointed. Settings reset. No top readout.
I is slim and has good LCD screen.
        Infra-red technology sometimes does not work the first try
Everything
You have a good chance of getting a dud phone (see review)
        None
        none
Basic styling is nice-looking and great feeling, and it's got a color screen!
Many great deals for this phone
        Pricey
Solid, sturdy. Non-color screen is visible in bright daylight, color screens aren't!
GPRS;WAP;iTAP;500#phonebook&PIM;Battery&#13;&#10;Exceptional voice and very easy menu
long lasting battery,very clear,works in most areas,small and compact
        Easy to use.  Download to any pc without wires.  No software to install.
sleek design, features
Powerful storage of short messages, interesting games, smart clock alarm, excellent battery
        slow color print speeds
        Simple to install and use, Almost excellent print quality, Fair Price
        no cons
        This things flies!  Flawless text!  
Short Battery Life, Bad sound quality
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
        Small, Easy to use, takes great pictures!  Battery charging is easy
large screen, battery life, sliding cover, calendar, calculator. curved shape fits your hip.
Large, beautiful & colorful LCD. Large external LCD.
        $50 Rebate, Good Quality, Fast, True Color, Accurate, Came With 3 Software Titles
        Bad quality in LCD screen, 
        Cheap, Actually takes pictures. 
Several fatal flaws; SIZE, Battery longevity, record quality, recording length(1 min max), unintuitive OS, keypad-blech!
        Short-lived images
        SLOW shutter speed and no zoom. 
        Cheap
        Splendid pictures with great detail and superb color.
        None that I'm aware of! This camera's great!
        High Quality color printing
        reliable, quality
Compact size, fits easily in the pocket and loud ring.
Lightweight, small, over 5 days of battery life.
None that I've noticed, but being so thin it must be fragile
        cheap, good vivid color, great for the price!
        Underfeatured, non-standard batteries
        slow, expensive cartridges, color printing does not match colors on screen, faulty software
        WOW!!! This does everything and WELL. I freed up about 3 sq.ft. of counter space.
        SERVICE, SERVICE, SERVICE!  
        fairly easy to use
        no parent tray
        Soul Stealing side effect not listed in warnings
        Jamming the floppy in backwards can harm the drive. (duh!)
Easy to read LCD screen&#13;&#10;Programming is a snap
        Low price for the printer and ink tanks, small size, print speed and quality
Does not have caller groups where you can separate callers with different ring tones.
read above
        Auto-Feeder from hell, Support from hell, Drivers from hell, Prints on the inside of itself, rebates from hell, price still not worth it
Long battery life, fun features like changeable faceplates and multiple ring choices,  easy to use.
        runs out of ink fast, takes a long time to warm up
        Hassle getting into and out of trunk
        Very quiet
        Very simple to use. Photos turn out very clear.
        USB transfer, price, picture quality
        No view finder. Will the moveable screen stand the test of time. 
        Sony picture quality, Cool filters, Movie feature
The hinge brakes after 6 months of moderate use. Obviously, there's a design flaw.
sound quality, ringer volume, color screen, durability
        none i have found
poor phonebook design
        Can't hold the camera sideways when shooting movies, No zoom in MPEG mode
        The Stylus C80 prints very fast colors do not run together the prints dry quickly
        great price for home users. excellent quality
Screen, Apps, Ease of Use
Had to replace once, nothing else. This phone is excellent.
        USB, megapixel, mass storage, LCD preview
Disappointing memory and screen size
World phone / Bluetooth / large phone book / data (WAP). Iconic Design!
        Good quality print jobs.
        2 ink cartridge system, Cost of the Ink
        Amazing Quality, Good Speed, And Quiet
Poor sound quality, bulky belt clip
        cost of cartridges if you use Canon over generic, 
        prints fairly fast, cartridges easily changed
        Cartridges are tricky to install, NOT good for high volume
didn't keep it long enough to find out
        small size
        High Resolution, compact, affordable
        great for preschoolers
        user friendly, use of compact flash cards and AA size batteries
none
Great size and lightweight; durable phone!
        Good quality text and images, reasonably quick for an inkjet
        many!
Great phone with superior battery life
compact, durable, excellent sound quality, good storage capability, large font screen for visibility
Pricey, still bulky, poor picture quality, etc.
        Great camera for the price and size!
Good looking phone, bluetooth, tons of features
        easy to use, good quality
        Not many to speak of
        Uses up batteries power very quickly, doesn't always take clear pictures
Good voice dial option, light weight, it was free
        Amazing picture quality, very easy to use
        expensive consumables
good design/menus/buttons
        Comes with scanner, copier, fax and printer
weight, form factor, backlight
        Ease of use, image quality, compact convenient design
        Drawbacks listed in review
Great reception.  Easy to use features.  Great size.
very light weight
        USB connection often fails, software is a memory hog.
Small & compact, packed with features, ability to change covers
        NO SUPPORT..
Games,design,NO ANTENNA!,color screen
        Too much file compression,Poor motion capture capabilities
you will miss calls, phone is almost too small
        rechargeable battery, zoom lens
Lightweight, easy to use, durable.
        Substandard image quality, confusing software
        Small memory card and poor zoom mode
        None that I can think of.
flimsy case, too many problems
polyphonic sounds, size
Reception, Battert Life, Styling, Voice Activation, Low Radiation
        Reasonable price, lots of manual options, Olympus quality.
Awful battery life, nextel reception, no notes
Size, battery life, reception, useful extras.
        low light focus, red-eye, non-standard battery
Antenna Close to Head, Some Problems with Call Quality
        Inexpensive
        easy to place camera memory card directly into printer to print proof sheet
        Expensive ink and slow
quiet speaker in large crowds, hinge is kind of cheap (quality wise), not many features
        USB download, many great features, easy to operate, fun
        Inoperable in Cold Weather
        no hassle rebate - good web site - quality printer
        Both seats recline, easy to use
        EATS batteries.
        None yet
Is quite large, and lacking bluetooth
        Great quality, good price, nice software, AA batteries 
        As with all inkjets, expensive cartridges.  It is loud
VERY Poor Signal Strength, Cost
Somewhat bulky by today's standards; small phone book
        Great cheap camera
Great Price, Great Design, Durable, Small
        Superior pictures
        Not good for printing envelopes
        slow download time
Poly Ringtone Volume, Difficult Menus
should have actual Talk/End buttons instead of the "softkey", hard to change batteries
Large size, flimsy looking covers, proprietry music format.
Confusing Menus, Not As Feature Rich As Other Models, Not Very User Friendly
Cheap, basic PDA features
Poor quality, poor microphone
        easy to use,best value
        Easy to use, USB capable
        Good Quality, Price, Features and Ease of Use
        Price, Ease of Use, Power Cord While Uploading Photos, Timer
        Hard to find, install and software has some issues.
        Scans, Copies, Faxes AND Prints! It's an HP!! Sleek
        Subpar in ALL phases
        Good menu selection and features
very durable, extremely clear
web enabled, easy to use, fast recharges
2 way walkie
        Duplexing issues. Slow PostScript printing.
Color screen, small size, phone book
        Good quality printing, fast, and efficient
If anything, battery life
NONE!
        Ease of operation; in all phases, great pictures
        Battery life seems to vary between good and merely adequate. 
        Fast, high quality, good toner life, great tech support, Windows/Mac compatible
        No optical zoom, no USB support for Windows 95, large investment for a first camera
        storage is limited to 1.44mb
        Great pictures, a lot of features, compact, good built in screen
        hard on batteries, slow recovery time, limited manual mode.
see above!
Not so great for everyone else.
        using the flash, price, quality of low-res pictures
        Cost, 
The Nokia 8210 phone's calendar function can remind you of upcoming meetings, birthdays,and so on.
analog technology only, length of life
Poor keypad made daily use it's demise
        Picture quality, picture quality
        A bit big and a bit heavy, power feedback is bad
is not a good product
        Amazing quality
        Small and compact, the proof is in the pictures
low price, durable quality
        Easy to use, image quality
        Lightweight, easy to use, great picture quality
        Good price, prints fast
        bad at printing graphics, broke after 3 months
        Highly recommended
        Print Cartridges Run Out Quick and are over $60 for Large Capacity
        Storage net is difficult to access.  Pricey for a travel stroller.
        Comes with rechargeable battery and charger.
ease of use, looks, walkie talkie
Caller Id on the inside instead of the outside.
Operating System Software Glitches.  Blue-Screen-Of-Death.  Lockup's requiring removal of battery.
        None
        takes great pictures, usb smart card reader is now a free rebate item with purchase.
        Printing Speed, Print Quality, Reliable paper feed mechanism
        Black and white.
Reception, battery life, menus
        a bit bulky, a little slow on the focus
        Black bands/coags after a few sheets
Trendy, beat-me-if-you-can kinda model, easy to use, elegant, light-lit key pad.
        Pricey!  Camera should come with more than a 8MB memory card.  AC adapter NOT included.
'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
        Haven't found any
        Easy to use
        Inexpensive and Compact
Integrated memory not expandable(48MB).
Great idea, Palm OS was an excellent addition
Looks great! Lots of features!
        Hard on batteries
        Inexpensive, easy-to-use, functional
The reception is OK.
The sound on the phone is great.  I love the speakerphone.
        Great zoom, rechargeable batteries, wonderful quality
        For the Photo Enthusiast you will want more manual control.
The Phone! No Bluetooth. "Camera"
        slow, poor quality, poor paper feed, expensive in long run
        Noisy, costly, grainy plain paper printouts, ease of changing cartridges
        haven't found any
        Easy to use and inexpensive
        Cheap...mine was free. easy to install. USB connection. XP friendly.
        Expensive ink, slow photo printing, requires Epson paper
External silence button that silences phone sometimes, less than desireable ringer/vibrate options.
        Batteries Do Not Last
small screen, uncomfortable volume buttons, no camera/bluetooth
The size, cost, no contracts, roaming fees etc.
        Very good price, excellent quality in all functions.
        Free
        HURRY OUT AND GRAB THIS OFF EVERY SHELF IN AMERICA,,
        Easy to use. Good still shots on cloudy days.  
        a bit large and noisy
        Sometimes it delays after taking pic and this can be frustrating.
        none at all
The hissing background noise. Low maximum volume. Vibration not very good.
Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
        Small Basket,canopy window placement
        Low maintenance, low price, reliable
size, battery, internet
        None whatsoever
small, good features
        Unecessary programs added at installation, a bit noisy.
        High resolution and fast printer for a great price.
Nice display, good battery life, reception anywhere, cool voice dial,
        Low price for 3+ Mega pixels; Comes with a charger and AC adaptor
        Serial rather than USB connection
        Good price, high resolution, good display, sleek design
Li-Ion 650 mAh battery, some menus and options (or the lack of them).
        Uses lots of photo paper(lol)
        Eats batteries.
speakerphone, lightweight, very small, loud ringtones
        Fast
Cool switchable covers
size, changeable covers, features, battery life, custom rings, infrared
Great durability, good features for the price
        To many to list (see review)
Lightweight yet durable, many nice features and excellent battery life!
        Really requires rechargeable batteries.
        Learning how to use it
        Price was a bit steep, and only comes with a 16mb card.
        great for photography buff as well as point and shoot person
Volume setting too low (you cannot talk in loud areas), tiny power button.
poor battery life
        Glass lens "window" is a little exposed.
        Annoying paper jams.
horrible reception, cannot use in car, weak vibrate option, NO CALL LOG, cheap feel
Small buttons, as most users will tell you.
        Nice and small.  Very easy to use. Rechargable battery. 
        The camera was not made to be universal!
Good clarity, many customizable features, and good size display.
Small, Light, Cute looking, Cool White Backlight, Easy to use menus
        well made, light, smooth, stylish, one of so few strollers to hold any resale value
        You'll want to pick up a bigger memory card and rechargeable AA batteries
Good reception, Neat features, OK Camera, Long Battery Life
Great size, durable, easy to figure out.
        Big, clunky, heavy, low battery life
Compact, easy to use
        Does not print to edge,  Discontinued for the 1280
        no a/c adapter, should come with a neck strap instead of wrist strap.
        Image quality, Functionality, Design
Good looks, slim design, great battery life, large display
        Excellent print speed and quality
compact size, light weight, powerful features, easy to use
        Ink cartridges are 29.00. a little slower on the ppm print spead than our epson, Ink cartridges snap in instad of drop in.
Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
Slightly less durable than expected.
        A lot of features, extras, flexibility and good picture quality for the money
        won't easily bleed to bottom edge of paper
        Usually hard to operate because of the lens cap.
Should be 15% smaller, no expansion slot , color screen would be way cool.
        The material is uglier than sin.
        inside pictures are poor quality.
        professional quality printing, be as creative as you want to be.
        ink doesn't dry up in printer, quiet, great quality, great price
        Portability, Download to Disk, Easy to Use
        Ink hungry
        inexpensive, easy to use
        long life, ink cartridges last long
        Initial cost, good image output, easy install
        Ink is expensive, but that's not the printer's fault...oh wait, its an HP!
Cheap and has lots of bells and whistles
        color quality and dpi are lame, price too high for the unsatisfactory results, and VERY NOISY!
        very expensive for a piece of junk
Small, convenient clarity
        It's small and cheap, and a great tool for taking terrible pictures.
        None
        Eats batteries, 16M of memory not enough
        Bulky
        Scanner/Copier/Printer, USB and Parallel Port, Good Software, All Around Good Package
        No LCD screen cover, no AF assist light, 
Price, no speakerphone, no downloads, no expansion, no bluetooth
Great sound quality&#13;&#10;One-hand operation&#13;&#10;voice dialing&#13;&#10;one-touch headset compatible
the menu directory was easy to use and the internal light was bright
        I have not had any problems.
        The dock is separate
only available with Sprint PCS, no voice memo
        Terrible flash photos of people indoors. 
        Can not get to many pictures on one floppy.
none
Small, lightweight, cool, voice dial ability, predictive text input
        Full professional digital SLR
        not good for indoor pics, no zoom or lense adjustments
No link with PC or supported way to get pics on phone
        Cartridge price
        Uses 2 standard AA Batteries. High quality photos and good zoom.
Slim, Colorful Covers, Li-Ion Battery, Clear Reception
        Slow spool-up time (not an issue for me), Somewhat noisy
        great design
        Fabulous photos, fantastic price
        need to clean print head occasionally
Loads of features.
        Big, heavy...somewhat complicated when using advanced features...Problems with battery life and focus. 
Small, easy to use
        Some "design" issues.  Cartridge life.  Expensive cartridges.
Voice dialing for only 20 entries, price
        Fast, easy software installation, DuraBright water resistant ink.
        limited to existing lens
takes good pictures
        No case.  Awkward zoom control
overall design, navigation key
        Nice, Compact little camera
        The nozzles clog constantly
Size, easy to lose
        none
        It is dead now.
isn't tightly integrated
        No good Win2k driver, Slow
I loved it, it was small, cute and had great colours.
Good value for its price, easy-to-use, good pre-loaded ringtones, color screen.
Light, compact, and easy to use
        Superior image quality, easy to use, good documentation and software
Very weak signals-- does not work well indoors
        Good Quality Pictures. Easy to use. Price was great! 
        It breaks down, flash does not work, no proper zoom, battery dies quick.
        Battery drainer
        3.2 Megapixels, ultra compact, Improved Control Layout, tough metal body, 
in a nutshell: glitz, glamour, sass
        Great image quality, premium optics, rock-solid construction, versatility, adjustability, swivel design, attachable lenses and filters.
        Great photo quality, dependable, drivers available for Mac and PC.
Size, no camera, poor calendar function.
        Pictures not super quality.  Image screen a little slow
        Non
        Ease of use
        simple and cheap
        Tiny basket. Seatbelts could be better designed.
        3x zoom lens, battery life, price
        The batteries go dead pretty quick.
        Lightweight, free standing when folded.  Super comfy!
Features, Design, Look, Size, Durable, Antenna, Cost for features.
        Cheap
Single band
        Can be pricey for the ink cartlidge
        Small, Lithium battery, Great colours
service
        Don't need to boot up the computer to make color or B&amp;W copies.
        Built well, takes great pics, easy to use, a lot of options, instructions are easy to under stand and great internet support by Olympus on answering questions.
        Easy To Use
        Lightweight and basic, simple set-up, print software
        Easy to use, great printing ,&amp; well designed.Ink can be refilled saving you $. 
Cheap among 8000 series
        The seat adjustment is tricky 
        basket is too small
        Easy, cheap, fun
        Bad zoom, slow flash and no macro.
        Relatively compact compared to an SLR with similar zoom features
Scheduler is not as great as a palm.
the first one lasted 3 weeks before the jack went out
        Print Speed, Software, Print Quality,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price, Individual Ink Tanks. 
        As technology has improved, this is now a middle of the road camera.
        cannot do rapid fire pictures, shutter lag, overall price, limited avail of accessories
        Fair price, good software, good photo quality.
        Not cheap
Squeaky, Not so attractive
can not switch it manually to analog
Ugly Case that cost extra.&#13;&#10;No expansion module slot.
        great printing quality, great ad features
        agfa lies about product specs
        red eye, zoom must be used with LCD, batteries die fast with LCD
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
        Download takes a long time
        Almost everything
        Borderless 4x6 and 8.5x11&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Individual ink tanks&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Six color system&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Small 4 Picoliter drops&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        good only if you want to print letters or simple reports in black ink.
        Weak Flash, Decent Battery Life, Only 2 Resolution Settings
expensive
        good quality printing
        Ink price
Sprint phone case opens by itself
        The editing software is quite basic and limited.
        More options than I will ever use, easy to use.
Battery life not quite what is advertised. Antenna seems flimsy.
        takes very nice pictures
        Electronic Viewfinder Plus LCD, Excellent Fit/Grip, 8X Optical and Nikor Lens.
        Takes good photos of dead rats.
        Keeps reverting to default picture mode (HQ) each time cameram is turned off.
        Cost, compact
        no zoom
Dual mode tech gives you signal everywhere
        Great for the price a good deal.
It's generally free!  Okay sound quality.
        Camera takes great quality pictures.  SD Card and small size.
        none!
        cheap 
Battery life, speaker phone, durability, reception, voice calls
        Excellent Image Quality.  Nikon Optics., Compact size.
        If you need a picture/photo printer this is NOT what you are looking for.
Poor clarity unresponsive keypad
Terrible sound quality (On two separate M-610's),
Color choice, aesthitics and general appearance of the phone.
        good color copies, fast black &amp; white printing
speakerphone, durable, battery life
Getting use to talk into the air.  The vibrator is more like a silence alarm.
        Costly refills (but they do last a while)
        none
        Prints superbly on Glossy and Inkjet Paper
Quality Control Issues
        Takes a long time to print the job.
ear piece occasionally hard-to-hear in
        It goes through batteries to quickly. 
        easy to use
        cheap. Easy to use.
Cool games, lots of features!
The battery runs out quick when using it alot.
        Unreliable, time and resource wasting machine.
Amazing camera, very durable, easy to use.
Battery life is slightly shorter than the Nokia 6190. Not a "SIM" card phone.
        everything about this camera is incredible!
Great features
        fair price, many options, zoom, easy to use
Size, Weight, Ease of use, Reliability, durability, now available free!!
        everything
        somewhat simple
        Not so good on Macros
        none
        Provides professional quality photographs
        Price, Ugly Colors
None that compel me to write about
        B&amp;amp;W Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
        Great  pictures!
        not really a pocketable camera. Macro capability,Red eye 
Retail price is high, no speakerphone, no games.
        Lack of control, entry-level picture quality
No Date/Time Stamp Display, Does Noty display Min talked while still talking
Attractive clamshell, external speaker
        Easy to use, quality 4X6 photos, Floppy disk (No USB, no memory sticks)
        light weight, easy to use
$7.99/month to keep it activated!
        Compact size, 5 megapixel resolution, ease of use, and lots of creative photography options, 
Low cost, amazing features, totally configurable, and MUCH more.
feature rich (calendar, calculator, games, ring types)
        Loud
good long distance reception, nice display, cheap
none
        Simple to learn how to use, clear pictures
See Review Above
Bluetooth
        Multi mode operation
        Easy to change the ink cartridges, cool software with printer.  Great to keep as a backup printer.
        Compact size, lightweight, very much great possibilities, easy to use, familiar menu, good battery life
        warmup takes longer than the &amp;quot;ready&amp;quot; light indicates
Great phone, easy to use
SMALL, SLEEK, COOL, and it works well.
        Fast, good color, small margins.
        It's life expectancy is SHORT
Horrible weak antenna. Get it wet and it dies
the buttons might be somewhat difficult to use for someone with large fingers
Features, Keys, Less User friendly...
Can break if misused a lot.
        &amp;quot;Killer-App&amp;quot; Floppy Drive Storage; great viewfinder; intuitive menus; Sony quality
Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
        Gulps ink.
        ink price
        For the pixel by pixel resolution still expensive investment
        Very lightweight, sturdy, lifetime warranty, safe, American-made
        Pricey. No optical zoom. Need docking station to upload or charge battery. 
Bulky, does not vibrate, poor choice of ringtones.
        Inexpensive.  Good value for the money, IF you don't expect the best.
        little quirks, nothing devastating
        It can get heavy at times.  The zoom is not the greatest.
Great compact design, keyboard just the right size, lots of features!
        easy to use; good price; great pictures; good software; LCD viewfinder
        High quality prints
        size, color printing not up to photo standards
Non-alphabetized phonebook, BUT this phone has voice activated dialing! Manual could be better.
         Fast clear print quality
        Compact size, lots of programming options
        poor battery life
Key's are too close together.
        responsive, really nice resolution, feature laden
        Fun, nice software, takes decent pics for the price
Has all the features you could want.
        Prices and Picture Quality
earpiece volume, motorola technical support is worthless
        Equal to 35 mm. This is one of the BEST little cameras. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;A+ camera!!
fantastic phone for little money
        Batteries die after unloading once or twice
        A LITTLE SLOW ON COLOR COPIES
        Compact, Very High Optical Quality
        Potential problems when downloading pics directly from camera to Mac (OS X).
        Bad quality at night even with flash, sometimes out of focus, Bad 2X Digital Zoom
        the shot rate
        No optical zoom, lens quality could be better
        None
        Not good for photos (including B&amp;W)
        - none
Size, Durable, Ease of use
        Won't print maps
Only one color &#13;&#10;No Speaker Phone
        Half the price it used to be...Video/mp3/stills PLAYS MP3PROS!!!
Good phone book, and customization.
        Durability, photo quality, and ease of use.
        Scarce, hard to get.
        Battery saver feature shuts off LCD too soon, battery life , electronic viewfinder
Very unreliable, what doesn't stink about it?
        Quality of Photos, USB!!, ease of use, Battery life
        spotty quality on some photos, prints not great
        Initializing sometimes is a pain
        Quality pictures, LCD Display with easy-to-use menu
        REALLY should have come with a 16MB card (or better)
        very simple to use
        Manual settings, CarlZeiss lens, MPEG movie mode, InfoLithium battery
        Wished I had gotten more powerful zoom.
        manual lens cap
        Lots of problems with this printer and it's drivers, Parallel port only, Parallel cord not included, Uses lots of ink quickly
Reception, not the "latest" model, some users may find mature interface daunting
Cons, well this phone's only Con would be its price perhaps.
        cheap, decent pictures
Tiny, cute, lightweight, many features, great volume, access to the internet
Good battery life, nice screen, keypad is easy to use.
        Great quality images, very cheap for it's features and capabilities, takes videos.
        Relatively short battery life
        Good Price, Excellent Pictures
        Slow, Has had it's mechanical problems
        Battery door feels flimsy.
The system has limitations locally, for now.
        na
Bad sound, cuts in and out, noone can hear you.
        HP corporate anti-customer policy
        Excellent Quality, Easy to Use, VERY SLR Like.
No voice dialling. No infrared. Battery life could be better.
Service sucks, feels and sounds like a Walkie-talkie, Size, ugly.
        easy to use,custom settings,compact size
        Good Pictures
        Great Photographic Printer
Cheap
I cannot think of any.
        none
easy menu options, hard to break, and good text-messaging unit
        Loud, Not a Photo Quality Printer, No Printer Cable.
        buggy USB driver
        Too many menus, Button to view last shot taken
        Superb Auto mode, manual features, four megapixels
Cheaply made. Dies after 2 weeks. Too hot to hold after 10 minutes
        Great image quality, stylish design, price.
        3x zoom is not true zoom.
        Battery cost, reliability
Speaker phone, games, many different rings, calculator, etc.
great Nokia UI, world phone, color screen, polyphonic ringtones, small size, nice design
        It is unattractive and cheap looking
        flash not great
        It is small and compact. It is easy to use.
        Large size
        2400x1200!!  Feature packed
        flash very bright, recommend a few layers of magic tape over it,  expensive and bulky
        Fast, crisp and clear printing
        Lightweight, comfortable to run behind, sturdy, easy to clean
        Great value and look
        No USB cable included, software is a bit weak
        Exif viewer and launcher are cumbersome, you will be frustrated trying to d/l w/USB port
        Quite small.  Good color for pictures
No camera, not flip, small buttons (which could also be a pro)
        Easy to use, many settings
Signal Reception, Coverage Area.
stock belt clip easily broken, battery life no more than two days with regular use
        They forgot my manual! Noisy
        everything else about it
Poor selections of ring tones, weak volume, lack of customization
        Not Acceptably Compatible with Windows NT or Windows 2000, Poor Battery Life, Poor LCD Display
        Size, Price, Picture Quality, Features
Sometimes only rings 1-2 times (not adjustable); phone wraps obscure screen
        professional standard photos for the web
        Basket can be hard to get at when the seat is fully reclined.  Hefty price.
        price,size,materials,
        Plastic body, bad flash photography,
Attractive styling, many features, customizable ring tones
        Decent resolution, good quality, ease of use
NO NEW DESIGN!  Hard to push buttons, slow reaction time.
        Very Nice Printer, Exceptional Speed
        expensive, poor customer service, not the best for twins
        Easy to use.  Good quality still photos with various options in-camera.
Inexpensive, plenty of features for the money, good sound quality.
        size, ease of use
        ABOVE
        Quiet, plain paper, color printer
Nothing yet...
poorly designed; breaks too easily;
        Photo Quality Prints
        &amp;quot;ocean liner&amp;quot; proportions, inaccessible basket
Affordable, Reliable
        Ink cartridge life
        Fast, sharp printing! Toner keeps going and going...easy to setup/use - attachments available
        Very good quality prints
        4 seprate ink tanks
        Great pictures! Great price! Easy to use!
The pro for this phone is that it is very compact.
Battery life, Picture memory, Application costs
        Easy set-up and quick printing.
Phone, pager, 2way, internet, sms, email all in one. looks neat.
        Poorly Executed Scanner and Copier functions
Great color display, lots of applications
        You get what you pay for.  It's not an HP.  Ink is expensive. 
Does not have full features.
        simplicity
Inexpensive, good reception, compact and light, nice looking, ringtones
        Sleek all metal magnesium alloy body, internal focus 4x optical zoom lense.
Abysmal service, unintuitive interface, short battery life, random errors, etc.
Battery life in talk mode
        You have to manually pop the flash up
        Terrible battery life &amp; horrible bundled software
        battery life
        Takes outstanding pictures.  Has more features than I expected. Very easy to use.
        Absolutely everything. Terrible picture, battery life
        big and bulky
        Lower cost than competitors, paper roll feeder included
        fair quality, Limited # of Pictures before download
        good price-great pictures
Camera, good battery life, lots of features, sound quality
        USB, 8MB Flash, Video recording, timer.
Very dependable
        Prints beautiful pictures on expensive photo paper.
        none found
        Easy to use, Nice Pictures, Good battery life.
        What's up with 32MB supplied memory??
        4 mb card too small.
Small enough to fit in your pocket
        Bright Flash is too bright
As of 2003, showing its age. No data or color abilities.
Features and price.
        slightly grainy prints.
        It was cheap
external LCD screen,199 phone book space
        Nikon quality, great photos, 4X zoom, good battery life, lots of functions
        Smaller, Inexpensive, Easy to use
        ink cartridges are costly from Epson!
Low Battery Life
        Ease of Use w/ Numerous Camera Features
short battery life.
Too small, display too small
        Prints fast, installs easily, great quality prints, separate color cartridges
        Won't feed; keeps jamming; eventually dies like other HP products
        Cost (But still worth it)
        fast, accurate, and clean!
Occasional freezes up.  Memory full error.
        The price of cartridges and paper, however, it is still cheaper than having photos developed.
        price
        Compact Size, light, 3.2 for prints up to 8*10,movie clips as clear as my camcorder!
        Small for multifunctional printer. Other than that it's horrible!
        possible paper jams
        Very heavy.  Can't think of anything else.
Massive Screen, Great Functionality, Bluetooth, Image Quality
Color screen resolution, easy to navigate, loud ringer, mobile internet capability, free second battery
        A little heavy
        Speed, ink usage. Must buy usb cable.
        Wait period between shots seems long.
        Cheap, nice form factor, looks nice.
        Internal memory is small (16), no case or neckstrap, wrist strap feels flimsy
        Great for close up
Very lightweight, Kewl Features, Excellent Phone... All Outweigh the Cons&#13;&#10;
        Rapid fading on certain papers if left unprotected.  Difficulties with paper loading.
        No USB connections on some PC's
        $30-35 ink cartridges
        Poorer quality than some more expensive models
Battery life, buttons are small, frustrating to navigate through menu's, no games come with it.
all-in-one device, size, color screen
        Easy to use,  Great looking photos
        ease of set up, paper feeds very well, price.
        Great printing and great price
        n/a
        Price, picture quality, ease of use, macro mode  
        speed, quiet, print quality
It makes calls.
        Excellent print quality and color.  Cheapest, good quality photo inkjet on the market.
        Quick easy setup, simple USB connection with XP. User friendly options/settings menu.
Battery life is very low
        Not very reliable, No Flash, the driver cd doesn't work
        none
        Unreliable, unusable images at times
        Great value, many features
        Shutter lag can be a bit slow some times. 
        Peg Perego no longer makes converter bars for use with other infant car seats
        Nikon quality
        Low Price, fantastic quality of image, easy to use, lots of options
nice size, nice features like calender, calculator
        Cheap
        Nice pictures, low price
        Colour quality, 640x480 video, small size, docking cradle
        It gets you wanting to use it alot
        Viewfinder only shows 80 per cent of the picture area 
        image quality, battery life, usability
        Good combination of features/price/quality
        no protective cover on LCD,questionable low-light capabilities,many settings
        can take some abuse, loaded with features
        Price, not easy to steer one handed.
        The realibilty, the cost, 
Not a flip-phone!
        All, the zoom, easy to use, and the resolution.
        Pictures are easily viewed on tv via video in cable.  
        drains battery quite fast
        No PC network support, poor policies, USB only, expensive and poorly stocked supplies
        Must have at least two fully charged batteries to get the most out of it.
        Takes Beautiful Pictures
        great photo quality, lcd viewfinder, movie/sound recording, easy to use
        Well designed, Well priced, Excellent capabilities
Small, Nice Color Screen, Looks Cool.
Hard to read display
        Nice all-in-one machine, small, decent and easy to use.
        Easy to use
        Darn near everything else.
Cheap, cute, nokia-like look
Hot Sync an pain in the butt.
        Video clips are 6 seconds on highest setting, red eye not always effective
none
        Good picture quality, inexpensive
Customizable, good battery life, takes a beating
        price, performance
        Nice, white case.  Compact size.
Text messaging,navi-roller, sliding cover, its a NOKIA
Great, light, affordable!
very discrete, durable, cheap
        speed, cost of black ink cartridge.
Stylish, good performance, feature rich, tri-mode
        Production looks rushed. Manual missing features! Quality control concerns. Few extras.
        Size, quality, uses standard Compact Flash
        Cartridge cost
        USB incompatibility
        Fabulous picture quality, compact
        great looking, space saver and very convenient as well as good comfort for the little ones
        way ahead of the competition - this is practically a Digital SLR!
        Great for small workgroups. Quiet; prints quickly; few paper jams; sharp, clear printouts.
        Photo quality excellent. Built in card readers. Can print without a PC.
        none
wish there was more memory.
        Image stabilization.  10x zoom eliminates penalty of 2.1 megapixels.
        Feels awkward at first due to weight and shape, cheap lens cap &amp;amp; battery holder, and long flash delay
        Hard to push with one hand, comes with little storage.
        Jetsons Styling, High Print Quality, Mini-Me Cartridges
Price. Features.
Nice design, display, backlighting, and holster connector.
        Superior print quality, cheaper ink
        grainy photos
        Beautiful photos, easy to use, great exposure modes, spot meter!
        reliable, fast, good switching between phone/fax functions
        Too much noise at high ISO or low light situations.
maybe too small for some people's hands, Don't drop this phone!!
        flexible - use as a stroller or carriage, solid and sturdy, warm with boot
No speakerphone
The transition from digital to analog, during a phone call, loses the caller
        See Review for product comparisons
        hard to find
Poor battery life,Poor sound quality,constant buzzing in the background
        The usual: Better cameras are now available for around the same price.
Small, Cheap, Durable
        Instruction Manual, difficult to learn.  
Freezes often, GSM technology not so "hot" everywhere.
        Impossible to take pictures in the dark even with flash. Batteries die fast. 
Size, Price, Battery Life, Style
        Rugged. Dependable. Forgiving!
        lens could be sharper at edges, focus sometimes tricky in low light
        Uses Sony Memory Stick, No Sound on MPEG Movies
not many ringers,vibration mode is not too strong,takes a while to load sim
        Reasonable cost
Can't think of any.
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
        Too slow, short life of cartridges
        crisp pictures, moderately fast. easy, economical
        Came with 8mb card, no rechargeable batteries, auto ISO in dark situations not good.
It has a camera, comes free sometimes with a signed contract.
        affordable,easy to use,fast,reliable
        The Lens (7x's optical zoom), 5.24 Megapixels, Gorgeous Photos, SLR-like 
        No provision for add-on lenses or filters 
        3.3 Megapixel resolution, size, price, picture quality.  Uses standard media.
        Application Limited
        Image Quality, compact design, speed, features
        Inexpensive, adequate pictures for casual use, rugged, relatively easy to use, good manual
        Expensive ink cartridges, Waste lots of ink clearing clogs
        Simple to use, easy set up, excellent quality prints!!!
        Black ink cart sold separately, USB only, cartridges costly, no network support
        Speed is a bit leisurely.
        Runs out of ink too quickly, cartridges are costly
        Great quality color and black and white printing for a really good price
Compact, durable, inexpensive, easy to change faceplates and downloadable ring tones.
navigation system not great (could be true of all phones, I don't know)
        Expensive Cartridge
Piece of trash!! Turns off sometimes, drop calls, doesn't ring
        You need to devote time to learn to use it--but do.
        It does put out printed materials
        Prints don't last unless "under glass."
Phone shuts off when it wants to.  Battery life diminishes.
        Manufacturers Lose $$$$$$$
        Great Pictures.  Easy to use.  Great battery life with NiMH.
        Easy access to ink and paper trays
It is very compact and attractive. The price is great.
        Optical Zoom range a bit limited.
        none
        Waterspots on some pictures, battery life could be better, hard to capture close-up photos, upload to computer on the slow side.
Everything!  Price, Features, Size!  The only phone you will ever want.
        Excellent quality, Cool viewing moniter
        USB compatible, easy to use, zoom feature, viewfinder  ,
fragile antenna, that awful low battery signal
Good camera, great 320x240 display, MP3 player sound quality, popular phone platform=lots of games/apps,
        battery eater
Very little memory, won't be enough if you like clicking pictures.
        LCD screen auto shut-off, 16MB card, no discount on purchasing card, battery life
        Safe! Simple! Cheap!
Front LCD Panel, "hand feel", Large screen display
        Ink is expensive
Compact and Sleek,Features
        small footprint and fewer cords
this phone is very easy to use and has good reception, clear as a bell.
        Good software, price.
Excellent Clarity,
Seems to be a crapshoot whether they work.
        Photo reproduction is not as crisp as HP
Small & lightweight, very easy to use. Interchangeable faceplates and a vibrating ringer. Cheap too!
Mobil Web
        No paper jams. Excellent support. Good price.
        Worth it for those who don't cart baby around all day in a car seat
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
        Fast, Network Ready, Great Colors
        comes with 16mb memory stick
        eats batteries; 
        expensive for a 2 megapixel camera, no carrying case included, small compactflash included
        $300
radio
A very solid, reliable phone
        Excellent picture quality, very affordable, great in every way
        GREAT PICTURES. THEY ARE SO CLEAR. 
Compared to all other phones, everything about this phone is poor at best.
        SLOW
        cheap, lightweight, easy to use
        Excellent Image Quality, Professional Features, Options for Lenses
        Fiddly menus
        Slow image construction time. Requires heavy pressure for shutter button to register.
Absolutely nothing!
No Bluetooth
        Availability
bad reception, bad battery life, gets hot while in use
        Few, if any
        No optical viewfinder - but who needs it.  Sony's website
PTT is great, provider service is good.
the cooliest
        zoom a little difficult
Somewhat flimsy.  No WAP
Big, bright screen.  High speed. Great speakers.  Camera, video camera and light. Battery life.
        Cheap and small
Signal sometimes, No Color Exterior Display, 20 Pics Tops for Camera
light weight, small size, speaker phone, large phonebook, sound quality is good, very durable
        4 Mb memory stick
Great features, convenient size
        Ease of use
        No access to raw pixels
        Simplicity in operation, cost, and print quality
        expensive
That flip!
        not great for indoor shooting, a starter camera in some ways
        Ergonomically familiar to Canon EOS SLR owners.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Camera is capable of absolutely stunning images.
Too new for accessories, not a very good signal
        expensive, slow print speed
        Solid software/drivers; very very fast
        autofocus takes too long 
User Interface, Hands Free, Feature Packed
        Buggy drivers (?), noisy, pricey replacement cartridges.
looks; features; price; screen
        still print same size as the 1200, ink carts harder to find (for now)
        Optical viewfinder not so good, price
Static, dropped calls, unpredictable ring tones
        Great all-around digital camera, cool looking, macro focus, fun!
        Hard to get, high priced, average LCD brightness, poor CF door design.
Durable-dropped it at least 23 times and still kicking, small
        None
        Set up was no breeze and documentation is weak
        Slow, Loud, paper weight support that holds up the paper in the feeder 
        Easy to use,great pictures, compact yet fits well in hands.
Great phone, super great options worth the purchase
Battery life
        Write time is a little slow.  Lower resolution are distorted. 
Small, lightweight, lots of features
        Can keep in pocket.  Takes great pictures.
        NONE
Tough and Rugged.
        Mediocre Photo Quality;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Expensive Cartridge;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Inflexible changing cartridges;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Show print mark on the back.
        VERY slow transfers with serial cable model, not professional level photography
Style, speaker phone, voice recorder, two-way direct-connect
very user friendly, right price for the service. good for young people
        may have slight problems interfacing with windows ME
        Price
        easy to use, great quality
        Hard to store and travel with, not very comfortable for toddlers
        EASY TO USE, AND GOOD QUALITY PICTURES
        Text not perfect, speed not fast
        Price, Software, Ease of use and installation, Print Quality.
        great print quality. holds extra 3-color cartridge. media card slots. holds 4x6 paper.
Good size, great reception, easy to use menus
        cartridges a little expensive
Motorola always produces solid well built products...but...
need optional battery for vibra-alerts, and not that compact
        Price, reliability, toner save feature, great workmanship
costly calls
        An ink hog
